[Music]
hey everybody's City videos here I'll
welcome back to another video it's day
I'm doing a product haul for you guys
because I cut my hair a lot so yeah this
is my new haircut I'm super happy with
it it's kind of like my big chop you
know just getting rid of a lot of dead
and split ends and heat damage and all
those joyous great things so I had to
buy a lot of products but I've
interviewed this box full of products
for you guys and I hope you enjoy I hope
this room isn't too echoey this is not
fun to write anybody and that being said
let's get on with the video
okay so now that you guys can like Jason
Lee see um yeah so I like I'm saying
this is as I am coil and curling jelly
you can get this for I think it was
thirteen fourteen dollars at Target and
it is amazing it boils my hair perfectly
as you can see this kind of a twist out
this front part here isn't twisted as
much the cookie but that's because I
totally took a nap I've been laying on
my hair for a little while the next
thing I have is uncle Fung Q's daughter
curly magic curls simulator for kinky
curly and wavy textures and you can see
it here this stuff works fantastic
forking the roller set any flexi rods or
just gently putting it in your hair that
any of that stuff works amazing with
this curly magic stuff and I'm telling
you guys I don't remember how much it
was it's not terribly expensive but that
depends on what your budget is you know
all this stuff with like a hundred
dollars I want to say altogether it
wasn't it wasn't things that much
like 80 to 100 because some we bought
other stuff on the receipt so I didn't
like add up the total indeed yes no okay
so the next thing I have is for kids
it's 399 and I love the smell of it it's
like orangie which is kind of why I use
it so much this stuff by the way that I
am smells amazing I forgot to say that
when I was reviewing it that stuff
smells amazing
I'm telling you that but this next up is
for kids but I use it anyways because I
don't know 14 like this is for relaxed
or natural hair it is soft Sheen carsten
dark and lovely beautiful beginnings
kids hair conditioner sculpts uber with
perfect performance technology and it is
amazing if your hair gets dry it is
great I use it kind of as leave-in
conditioner and it works fantastically
it doesn't dry my hair out it keeps kind
of it like help other products it in my
hair you know I'm saying all I use all
of these things pretty much on a daily
basis not a lot you know I use some you
know each like differently they all help
to combine to keep my hair moisturized a
re like I have it I had to use that word
I hate using it but I had to you know so
it helps keep my hair damp throughout
the day and they're all amazing this
thing I have I didn't just buy but I
wanted to bring it up anyways because
it's mixed chicks and I have the leaving
conditioner but they sell shampoo and
there's still a couple other products to
mix chicks is amazing smells amazing it
will leave your hair feeling amazing
this is all about texture and I'm going
to read this off to you guys but I'm Way
too lazy if you look up the bottle like
click on mix chicks and it'll give you a
full description it's for black white
asian and Latin Mediterranean anything
any combination this works perfectly for
any type of hair yeah and my hair is the
blackest of black hair you can get so I
can tell you for
black girls out there but this stuff
works fantastically um the next thing I
have is also not exactly new but I
wanted to tell you guys anyways it is
carol's daughter harem oaks styling
puddings
here's what it looks like and this stuff
is also amazing is it pocus stuck in
there we go so this stuff is also
wonderful I would love to use it the
smell is okay it smells okay it's kind
of like flops around on the inside you
guys can't see babies can kind of see
it's like definite like a pudding but it
works
to it kind of like both helps my texture
I put it in after a wash and go and it
really helps the texture of my hair and
it helps kind of you know just keep it
keep it curly but it's not so much for
the curls rather it's just like the
softness of your hair you know what I
mean it helps where I want to style it
you know I got some try it and you get
what I'm talking about
the next thing I have is olive oil
formula by polymers and it is ex control
I recommend this for edge control
because it holds down my hair I if I
haven't genuinely recommend something I
would recommend gorilla glue which I
know if you go to a middle school and
the first few years of high school
you'll definitely not both boys with
like spikey gel about hair that is okay
but I like you know I like your hair
being smooth and not like crispy you
know what I'm saying like there's
definitely those guys you can tell that
have the gorilla glue hair and it works
I see what I use it so I'm telling you
it works for your edgy girl if you need
to like lay out your back get up afro or
something this stuff will hold your hair
down I'm telling you get gorilla glue
the next thing I have is strictly curls
and at Target it is cheaper than alts
anywhere you can go to get it
it's Marc Anthony at school professional
strictly curls curl and beef and you
will see this and you'll wonder should a
lotion or should they get the cream and
I recommend the cream version because
the cream the smalls butter and it
smells smells butter and it smells it
smells better and it has a great texture
for your hair it holds your curls down
for wavy hair it'll hold your waves down
and I like it because it prevents like
freakiness in my hair my hair doesn't
really get frizzy loose it's super dry
and that is definitely a product that
will prevent it from getting super dry
so the next couple of products I'm doing
are just for the shower and they look
nice and shower shampoo and conditioner
and y'all know that Tresemme has you
down for in the shower like this is so
far and if there's something better than
jessimae you know what I love you know
in the comments because so far Tresemme
is my baby and it's not sponsor I have a
thousand subscribers why would you
sponsor me like I could make you a dope
video but like I don't know so the only
thing I'm saying is Tresemme it works
like match I love with the smell I can
smell it now and it smells amazing I use
flawless crows crow hydration it's so
long with a green label and I use the
same thing for shampoo so this is the
conditioner and shampoo and yall already
know Tresemme used by professionals and
I understand that too because it works
wonders and I'm telling you all of these
products together are what pulled my
hair down they're what make my hair the
way it is and I'm in love with it I'm so
happy that I am lucky enough to have all
these products and I hope you guys can
go out and try some of them I hope that
this video helped you understand some of
the products I'm sorry you guys want to
get that noise in the background that's
my dog he's like scratching at the thing
of the door anything they're always cute
he's cute hi baby
look I'm doing me for them in the video
okay and the last thing I'm just gonna
show you guys really quickly it's not
relate to hair in any way it's I'm
Scully shampoo honey okay there we go
it's mega sticks
mega flakes balm seen in this color it's
not focusing on it my face still sorry
that's the color I'm currently wearing
right now and this color is so natural
it looks like your lips are just
generally this red and vibrant in this
color and how that I'm wearing today is
like alright wearing red convers I love
this outfit I love this hat so how was
$60 16 not six dollars expensive hat but
I know this whole outfit I love I love
wearing red it's one of my favorite
things
turtlenecks I'm not the only person on
my school who wears turtlenecks and I
love wearing turtlenecks I don't know
why I feel like I was kind of good in
them cuz I got a long guest neck yall
already know my neck is long so yeah I
don't know this was supposed to be a
product haul video and all of a sudden
now I'm talking about like my long neck
instead I promise to get you guys a
video out of me trying these products
and a washing I just make it quick
because my card is full but thank you
all so much for watching if you like
this video give the thumbs up and I will
see you all later city videos it's out
[Applause]